Wife Wife Grandma Miss Oda Wife Oda
My wife is inside. Where are you guys and girls resting?
27 little young lady
Mr. Meng Bei, who is this?
This me, who is she?
You are a high official
🅱Sauerkraut throat roast me
I'm telling you lah, my old man
Also borrowed include bypass
So energetic
Hello, hide your beans
Not always unfaithful
Although this is a crazy machine
who is your mother
That's not the same
You should come out when you go to work
I can fold my fingers everywhere
Is she
Don't be so hasty
Tell me when you get out of the car
My student has to get off the bus as a bus driver
I'll help him carry his luggage
As a result, I haven’t even gotten on the bus yet.
The driver drove away
Didn’t you know that I even called me?
What is the reason for car quotation?
Is it because the car is going to blow up for me?
The specific reason is that we haven’t gotten to the car yet.
Okay, it's okay
you can go
What's the progress now? Enough
Teacher, you don’t need to be too sad.
Can we cycle back again?
We can also loop back
Now we just need to find clues
Only by looping back in this way can the quotation be prevented.
I got a clue
As long as there aren't many people on the bus,
The car must be shipped with electrical wiring components.
It doesn't necessarily mean that there are many people.
Right, from Dikou?